# Etsy 

  Nav bar with Broad categories, mousing over reveals sub-categories in a horizontal container, mousing over those finally reveals the most specific categories. Any broad or niche category can be clicked to be taken to a listing of popular items in that category. Adding items to the cart shows amount in stock, along with payment options as well as the ability to buy it as a gift with a custom message. For international shopping, a selector is available for changing the display currency to get an estimated cost after exchange. Different pages on the site link to each other using query data in the URL, presumably for analytics purposes. (Clicking home from the empty cart page adds `?ref=empty_cart`, for example) jQuery is used for adding interactive animations to the site. Polyfill scripts are used to maximize browser support. The javascript is modular, having imported many individual scripts for analytics, international support, bootstrap, and even scripts loaded depending on which browser is used to access the site. Items are shown as rectangles of varying sizes in pre-defined grid patterns, which smoothly animate in as you scroll, which is likely achieved using jQuery in conjunction with the `IntersectionObserver` API. Product images are loaded lazily to reduce bandwidth use, and are only fetched when the user scrolls near them. 

# Curiosity Box 

  Uses `text/template` scripts as a method of delivering unrendered template HTML to the browser, where user information can be substituted in by the client. Based on the “judge.me” and shopify ecommerce cores. Modular javascript, with custom logic broken up into several <script> tags to keep related code together. This site is very static, preferring .gif images and simple CSS mouseover transitions to add visual flair. The subscription model allows you to select the duration of the subscription, providing a slight discount and extra items for longer subscriptions. Subscriptions may also be gifted. The product listing is a simple grid, some items providing stock information. Some items have an image carousel on this page, but this feature is broken and simply removes the image when clicked! Consistent visual style and color scheme makes the site’s different pages feel coherent. Based on the number of resources pulled from the network, the page seems to be built primarily on widgets, importing many small scripts made by others in order to put together the final webpage. The browser’s built-in image loading has been hijacked in a way to provide analytics information, as there are useless 1x1 pixel transparent images loaded from external sites with many URL query parameters describing the user. 
